Introduce Target Based Scaling (#598)
Azure/azure-functions-sql-extension: docs/BindingsOverview.md

### Scaling for Trigger Bindings

If your application containing functions with SQL trigger bindings is running as an Azure function app, it will be scaled automatically based on the amount of changes that are pending to be processed in the user table. As of today, we only support scaling of function apps running in Elastic Premium plan. To enable scaling, you will need to go the function app resource's page on Azure Portal, then to Configuration > 'Function runtime settings' and turn on 'Runtime Scale Monitoring'.

There are two types of scaling available:

> - Incremental scaling - This scales the application serially, increasing or decreasing the workers by 1. There are a couple of checks made to decide on whether the host application needs to be scaled in or out. The rationale behind these checks is to ensure that the count of pending changes per application-worker stays below a certain maximum limit, which is defaulted to 1000, while also ensuring that the number of workers running stays minimal. The scaling decision is made based on the latest count of the pending changes and whether the last 5 times we checked the count, we found it to be continuously increasing or decreasing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Incremental scaling - This scales the application serially, increasing or decreasing the workers by 1. There are a couple of checks made to decide on whether the host application needs to be scaled in or out. The rationale behind these checks is to ensure that the count of pending changes per application-worker stays below a certain maximum limit, controlled by [Sql_Trigger_MaxChangesPerWorker](#sql_trigger_maxchangesperworker), while also ensuring that the number of workers running stays minimal. The scaling decision is made based on the latest count of the pending changes and whether the last 5 times we checked the count, we found it to be continuously increasing or decreasing.
```

> - Target Based Scaling - This type of scaling depends on the pending change count and the value of [dynamic concurrency](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-concurrency#dynamic-concurrency) which if not enabled is defaulted to [Sql_Trigger_MaxChangesPerWorker](#sql_trigger_maxchangesperworker). The target worker count is decided by dividing the pending changes by the concurrency value. The application scales out to the number of instances specified by the target worker count.

Reviewer: We should also update the Sql_Trigger_MaxChangesPerWorker section to include the current default value if the user doesn't specify it themselves.

```suggestion
- Target Based Scaling - This type of scaling depends on the pending change count and the value of [dynamic concurrency](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/azure-functions/functions-concurrency#dynamic-concurrency) which if not enabled is defaulted to [Sql_Trigger_MaxChangesPerWorker](#sql_trigger_maxchangesperworker). The target worker count is decided by dividing the pending changes by the concurrency value. The application scales out to the number of instances specified by the target worker count.
```
